Hi Replit, so as you see I have webapp which is IndexNow a 3rd party to request to GSC API to index a link. This webapp is same and inspirated by Instant Indexing wordpress plugin by RankMath.

So, as this webapp is on development stage and for personal use only. I need you to focus to enhance and fix some problem in dashboard and panel.

Before you do make the changes, I need you to do a deep dive into the codebase, so you do have better understanding about this webapp, the current stage and feature and the obstacles.

Before I want you to more in-deepth about this project. Please take time to read all information in replit.md because there's a lot important things (from database to all changelogs) that you should know.

After that, please see the current front page, which when we open the domain for example localhost:5000, it's show direct login page. Now, I want you to change the login url for user to /dashboard/login, so when user visited /dashboard but didn't login yet, it's redirected to /dashboard/login.

Then in the frontend, I want you to make the landing page with good copywriting, elements, with style that I like like IT-things, show elements like dashboard and other thigs that related to the project like number and statistical and using color scheme same or similar from the images, DON'T FUCKING USE WHITE COLOR. You can use or combine the layout from the reference images that I give in this command.

For the header add logo in the left then space and menu. On the right, add dynamic button which is Sign up when user isn't login and go to dashboard when user is login. When user accessed from mobile, in left is logo and in right is [dynamic button] [hamburger menu]. When hamburger menu clicked, open off-canvas menu.

For the plans and prices and features, make sure you're get it from database, not hardcoded.

For now, I want all details in single page, so when user click the menu on header, it'll be slides in that sections. On the bottom right of the screen please make floating button to go up.

For the front landing page, make it in SSR or similar approach that google can crawl and index it (seo optimized). So, when I view source of the page, it's show the content, not just js.

For copywriting structure please focus on pain point by using storybrand from Donnald Miller, which is have framework: A character that have problem, then meets a Guide who Gives them a plan and call them in actions, which help them in a success or help them avoid failure.

Please before you made the page, make sure you deep dive into all code and this project, this will be help you to make the copywriting.